How did viewing a diff help you see that a bug had been introduced?

- The diff only showed parts of the file that had been changed which was 
  much less text to read and so the before and after text could be easily 
  compared for each change and the bug (a mispelt word in this case) was 
  easy to spot.
  
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long run?

- If a change introduces a bug or negatively affects the performance of 
  a piece of code I can just revert to a previous version quickly and 
  easily.
  
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create 
a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google docs does?

- Pros are: that commits make logical sense ie each one relates to a specific
  change such as a new feature or bug fix and that there are likely to be 
  fewer of them so the history of the project will be easier to understand.
  Cons are that one must remember to make commits and may forget and lose 
  information if there is a technical or power failure.
  
Why do you think some version control systems, like git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?

- Because some projects, such as computer programs consist of several 
  interdependent files which logically belong together since changing one 
  such file may affect the functioning of others. It therefore makes sense 
  to all the files in a project at the same time.
  
How can you use git log and git diff to view the history of files?

- Git log displays all the commits that have been made throughout the 
  project's history. Git diff can then be used to find differences between 
  any two files and thus see what was changed by the second of the tow 
  commits. 
  
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

- By keeping older, working versions of the program that can be returned to 
  simply by checking out a previous commit.
  
  